ai niijuu kira kira
I need you, sparking
tonari ni iru dake de
If you just stay beside me,
mono kuro datta keshiki ga karafuru ni
then even the monochrome scenery will become colorful
machiki renai yo! kimi iro RABU SONG
I can't wait for the love song colored like you
Rainy tsuyuzora baibai
Rainy, I bid the rainy season sky bye bye
Sunshine kumoma kara nozoku
Sunshine, I peek through the clouds from above
kyuu ni mune ga odoru
Suddenly, my heart dances to the beat
natsuyasumi no yotei madamada garagara
My summer vacation's schedule is still a blank
nee kimi wa nanisuru no ?
Hey, what will you do ?
hora sasotte yo umi mo yama mo hayaku
Now, hurry and invite me whether to the seas or the mountains
ai niijuu mero mero
I need you, I am in love
shirokujichuu soba ni ite
If you stay beside me always,
taiyou mitai de mabushi sugiru egao
I will shine a smile bright like the sun
ai niijuu pika pika
I need you, shiny
tonari ni iru dake de
If you just stay beside me,
monokuro datta keshiki ga karafuru ni
then even the monochrome scenery will become colorful
machikirenai yo kimiiro Rabu Song
I can't wait for the love song colored like you